I have over 15 years of experience in IT and 10+ years in Enterprise  Product application Development.

I have been working in Oracle US for the last 6 yrs where in the last 1 year I am working in oracle latest Fsuion technology which is based on ADF framework which is based on java and plsql.
Ealier to that I worked across oracle ebiz crm products like Quoting , OrderCapture , pricing , Order Managememnt, Field Service , istore and explored them with great functional
understanding and worked on many enhacements and customer issues and bugs. 

Earlier to that I was based in oracle India and I was transferred here to play a greater role in continuous integration, analyzing latest tech architecture change proposals and rolling out to the team etc…

The reason I am looking for change is,I explored all the possible challenges with great satisfaction over the last 10 years and I am looking out for new challenges to expand my career development 
and growth.This position really excites me


Where do you see yourself in five years? .
-----------------------------------------

’m really excited by this position at Midnight Consulting because in five years, I’d like to be seen as someone with deep expertise 
in the energy sector, and I know that’s something that I’ll have an opportunity to do here. 
I’m also really excited to take on more managerial responsibilities in the next few years and potentially even take the 
lead on some projects. I’ve been lucky enough to work with some amazing managers, and so developing into a great manager myself is 
something I’m really excited about.”

I m really excited about the position we are discussing and my number one goal is to do the best job I can at this role. 
Having said that, if down the line there’s an opportunity for advancement and I’ve proven that I have not only the skills 
and experience needed to take on this next level of responsibility, then of course I would be interested.”

“I’m also really passionate about the work I do and would love if there were opportunities for me down the
line to also be able to mentor other employees or new recruits to be successful within this position,
perhaps as a manager or supervisor.”

Why should we hire you ??
---------------------------

 I believe my experience aligns well with that, and makes me a great fit. 
 I am [list your top two matching qualifications/skills] and bring to the table [mention how you stand out from other candidates]. 
 I’ve exemplified this in the past when I [provide a brief real-life anecdote/example].
 Accordingly, I believe I can add great value as [job title here], 
 and I’d really love to continue to build upon my skills and grow with [company name].”
 
  think that my experience in the [your field] industry and my ability to [mention a unique, work-related skill/ability you have] 
  make me a good match for this position. In my recent position, I 
  [explain how you used this skill/ability to achieve a positive outcome].”
  
  My skill set seems to be a perfect match for what you're looking for. In addition, I enjoy working with people, and would welcome the opportunity to be a part of your team.”
  
Why do you want to work here? 
-------------------------------

“Well, the JP Morgan reputation is certainly a factor. I would be proud to work for a company with such a long history 
of leadership in the industry.

Also, a good friend of the family has been working in corporate finance at JP Morgan for the last two years and he told me that 
the culture supports learning and development on the job – and really rewards hard work.”
